fixes #1292 (about deprecation and release policies) (#1295)
math-comp/math-comp: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - L-algebra becomes `lalg`/`Lalg`
- Partial order is abbreviated to `porder` or `POrder`, e.g., `porderType`, `CanPOrderMixin` in `order.v`

#### Deprecations

Definitions and lemmas should never be removed or renamed without warning users:

> they should be deprecated first, by at least one release.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
they should be deprecated first, during at least one release.
```

We use the pragma `deprecated` to implement deprecation of definitions and lemmas;
see the many examples in the source code.

> We try to keep deprecation warnings for at least two years unless impossible
> (for example because of a name clash); after this period, deprecation warnings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We try to keep deprecation warnings for at least two years unless we need to remove them
(for example because of a name clash, and in any case after at least one release); after this period, deprecation warnings
```
